README.md, before:

TODO: 
1. move as much of this into a setup script as possible
2. start your own caching library based on sebastian prillo's
3. include that in the install by default, in addition to polars, seaborn, etc.

IMPORTANT: DELETE THE REPO .git folder BEFORE USING AND RE-RUN GIT INIT

The ```db``` folder is intended to be a centralized deposition location for the core results generated by a project, in order to make it easy to access them during prototyping or plotting key figures.

The ```data``` folder is for external data sources.

The ```notebooks``` folder is for IPython Notebooks.

Because these are housed in a separate folder, this repo comes with the scaffolding needed to package your ```src``` easily, so you can import common code seamlessly without cluttering the home directory.

Put all code in ```src``` from the beginning :)

You may want to symlink your actual data directory into or to the data directory in this folder:
To symlink the datafolder to your /data directory do: ln -sT /data/path/to/source_folder ~/path/to/project/data
You'll have to delete the .gitkeep file first though

If on local and using pyenv, create a new environment with:
1. pyenv virtualenv <python-version> <env-name>
2. cd to project
3. pyenv local <env-name> # to make it activate by default in the project folder

If using conda/mamba:
1. mamba create --name <env-name> python=3.10
2. mamba activate <env-name>

Edit the package directory name under the src folder
Change all the fields with DEFAULT_* in the pyproject.toml
1. Remember that package names can't have hyphens. This applies to the name in the toml and in the src folder.

Make sure to check email to be the one you want correspondance to for this package
1. python3 -m pip install --upgrade build
2. python3 -m build
3. check whl is in the ./dist/ directory
4. pip install -e .
See [here](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/tutorials/packaging-projects/) for more details.

Commit message:

updated instructions for symlinking data folder, dealing with the default git files, and auto saving the conda env

README.md, after:

TODO: 
1. move as much of this into a setup script as possible
2. start your own caching library based on sebastian prillo's
3. include that in the install by default, in addition to polars, seaborn, etc.

IMPORTANT: DELETE THE REPO .git folder BEFORE USING AND RE-RUN GIT INIT
copy the pre-commit hook file into .git/hooks/ and run chmod +x .git/hooks/pre-commit
run \*/.gitkeep to remove all the gitkeep files

The ```db``` folder is intended to be a centralized deposition location for the core results generated by a project, in order to make it easy to access them during prototyping or plotting key figures.

The ```data``` folder is for external data sources.

The ```notebooks``` folder is for IPython Notebooks.

Because these are housed in a separate folder, this repo comes with the scaffolding needed to package your ```src``` easily, so you can import common code seamlessly without cluttering the home directory.

Put all code in ```src``` from the beginning :)

You may want to symlink your actual data directory into or to the data directory in this folder:
To symlink the datafolder to your /data directory do: 
```
rm -rf ~/path/to/project/data
ln -sT /data/path/to/source_folder ~/path/to/project/data
```
You can also symlink the db folder to a folder in your machine's /data folder so it has access to the right memory partition

If on local and using pyenv, create a new environment with:
1. pyenv virtualenv <python-version> <env-name>
2. cd to project
3. pyenv local <env-name> # to make it activate by default in the project folder

If using conda/mamba:
1. mamba create --name <env-name> python=3.10
2. mamba activate <env-name>

Edit the package directory name under the src folder
Change all the fields with DEFAULT_* in the pyproject.toml
1. Remember that package names can't have hyphens. This applies to the name in the toml and in the src folder.

Make sure to check email to be the one you want correspondance to for this package
1. python3 -m pip install --upgrade build
2. python3 -m build
3. check whl is in the ./dist/ directory
4. pip install -e .
See [here](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/tutorials/packaging-projects/) for more details.
